README.md, before:

# CEA-TA-Mine-Scheduling

Email wesley.cox@uwa.edu.au for any queries.
#
Instructions:

The code can be compiled by running the compile batch file.

This requires Apache Ant; for installation instructions see:

http://ant.apache.org/

Additionally, some classes use the lp_solve software library for mixed integer linear programming (MILP), which is under the GNU LGPL license. 

The Java .jar library for lp_solve has been included in this distribution. Include it the classpath when required. Further installation is required to make use of it however; for installation instructions and further information see:

lpsolve.sourceforge.net/5.5

An example main files is provided and can be run as:

java -cp .;classes;lib/lpsolve55.jar Main filename numSamples runtime solIndex...

	filename	an valid input file path, e.g. input/problemU-1.in

	numSamples	the integer number of simulations to run per solution, e.g. 50

	runtime		the real-valued shift length per simulation, e.g. 500

	solIndex	a valid solution index -- See the accompaning solutionIndexes file

#
Input:

Input files used in the paper are provided. 

The format is described here:

First line:

T _NT FS_

where _NT_ is the number of trucks, and _FS_ is the travel time multiplier for full trucks.

Second line:

C _NCL_

where _NCL_ the number of crusher locations.

Next _NCL_ lines:

_NC EM ESD_

where for the nth line, _NC_ is the number of crushers at the nth location, _EM_ is the mean emptying time for each crusher at the nth location, and _ESD_ is the standard deviation.

Next line:

S _NS_

where _NS_ is the number of shovels.

_NS_ lines of:

_FM FSD_

where for the nth line, _FM_ is the mean filling time at the nth shovel, and _FSD_ is the standard deviation.

Next line:

R _NR_ N _NN_

where _NR_ is the number of roads, and _NN_ is the number of nodes in the road network (excluding crushers and shovels).

_NR_ lines of:

_n1 i1 n2 i2 TTM TTSD rt_

where the nth line describes the nth road; _n1_ and _n2_ are node types (_c_ for crusher, _s_ for shovel, _n_ for node), _i1_ and _i2_ are the corresponding indexes for the nodes, _TTM_ is the mean travelling time along the road, _TTSD_ is the standard deviation, and _rt_ is the road type (_t_ for two-lane, _o_ for one-lane).

Any deviation from this format will result in error.
#
Notes:

Please ignore the weird class names and package structure. The original meanings are lost in time, and this was a small portion of a larger project with the package structure retained.
#
Copyright (C) 2017,  Wesley Cox, Lyndon While, Tim French, Mark Reynolds

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.

Commit message:

add reference to previous code

README.md, after:

# CEA-TA-Mine-Scheduling

Email wesley.cox@uwa.edu.au for any queries.
#
Instructions:

The code can be compiled by running the compile batch file.

This requires Apache Ant; for installation instructions see:

http://ant.apache.org/

Additionally, some classes use the lp_solve software library for mixed integer linear programming (MILP), which is under the GNU LGPL license. 

The Java .jar library for lp_solve has been included in this distribution. Include it the classpath when required. Further installation is required to make use of it however; for installation instructions and further information see:

lpsolve.sourceforge.net/5.5

An example main files is provided and can be run as:

java -cp .;classes;lib/lpsolve55.jar Main filename numSamples runtime solIndex...

	filename	an valid input file path, e.g. input/problemU-1.in

	numSamples	the integer number of simulations to run per solution, e.g. 50

	runtime		the real-valued shift length per simulation, e.g. 500

	solIndex	a valid solution index -- See the accompaning solutionIndexes file

#
Input:

Input files used in the paper are provided. 

The format is described here:

First line:

T _NT FS_

where _NT_ is the number of trucks, and _FS_ is the travel time multiplier for full trucks.

Second line:

C _NCL_

where _NCL_ the number of crusher locations.

Next _NCL_ lines:

_NC EM ESD_

where for the nth line, _NC_ is the number of crushers at the nth location, _EM_ is the mean emptying time for each crusher at the nth location, and _ESD_ is the standard deviation.

Next line:

S _NS_

where _NS_ is the number of shovels.

_NS_ lines of:

_FM FSD_

where for the nth line, _FM_ is the mean filling time at the nth shovel, and _FSD_ is the standard deviation.

Next line:

R _NR_ N _NN_

where _NR_ is the number of roads, and _NN_ is the number of nodes in the road network (excluding crushers and shovels).

_NR_ lines of:

_n1 i1 n2 i2 TTM TTSD rt_

where the nth line describes the nth road; _n1_ and _n2_ are node types (_c_ for crusher, _s_ for shovel, _n_ for node), _i1_ and _i2_ are the corresponding indexes for the nodes, _TTM_ is the mean travelling time along the road, _TTSD_ is the standard deviation, and _rt_ is the road type (_t_ for two-lane, _o_ for one-lane).

Any deviation from this format will result in error.
#
Notes:

Please ignore the weird class names and package structure. The original meanings are lost in time, and this was a small portion of a larger project with the package structure retained.

This project shares some code with our previous paper (though certain major changes make the two code bases incompatible):

Wesley Cox, Tim French, Mark Reynolds, Lyndon While. A Genetic Algorithm for Truck Dispatching in Mining. In GCAI 2017 (accepted)

Code available at:

https://github.com/wesleycox/GA-TA-Truck-Dispatching
#
Copyright (C) 2017,  Wesley Cox, Lyndon While, Tim French, Mark Reynolds

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
